Translated by Enrique López for: www.teveycineperu.com
He told me to come and pick you up
You really spoil my vacation
So ... can we go, please?
You're not going to get in the car, right?
I do not think so
SHE IS THE MOST VALUABLE WEAPON OF OUR NATION
Do you have a car?
IT IS WHAT THEY TRAINED
The negotiations were ruined, so I need someone to pick up the guy
Wow ... is that real?
Ooohh..siii
IT IS WHAT YOU WANTED
I have an assignment
It's like paid vacations
Diplomatic plates
If there is an emergency
You put them on your face
Do you want me to be "Eyecandy"?
You would be the perfect couple
THEN WHY...
THE BETRAYED IT?
Paul?
Did the divorce conclude?
Paul, are you there?
Malorie
DIRECTOR STEVEN SODERBERGH
The deal in Barcelona collapsed
!Fix it up!
WHEN THEY LEFT IT WITHOUT ANYTHING
You can tell me why they betrayed me now ...
or you can wait until I have my hands around your throat
THEY DID NOT LEAVE ALTERNATIVE
She should be in her father's living room telling her that she killed a man in cold blood
Keep your eyes open
I have not closed them since you were born
SOON
Keep your head down!
FINDING THE TRUTH
Should I be nervous?
I will let you know
What do you know about her?
She was a marine ..
If he does something there must be a reason for that
IT WILL BE YOUR MOST DANGEROUS MISSION
She is a public threat
What did you do?
I did what I was hired to do
Is not there someone you should be calling for help?
You better run
SOON